1342752905
Application	/home/train/rails_projects/hanoitour/config/application.rb	  class Application 
ApplicationController	/home/train/rails_projects/hanoitour/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
ApplicationHelper	/home/train/rails_projects/hanoitour/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	module ApplicationHelper
BrowsingTest	/home/train/rails_projects/hanoitour/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	class BrowsingTest 
Hanoitour	/home/train/rails_projects/hanoitour/config/application.rb	module Hanoitour
Place	/home/train/rails_projects/hanoitour/app/models/place.rb	class Place
PlaceTest	/home/train/rails_projects/hanoitour/test/unit/place_test.rb	class PlaceTest 
PlacesController	/home/train/rails_projects/hanoitour/app/controllers/places_controller.rb	class PlacesController 
PlacesControllerTest	/home/train/rails_projects/hanoitour/test/functional/places_controller_test.rb	class PlacesControllerTest 
PlacesHelper	/home/train/rails_projects/hanoitour/app/helpers/places_helper.rb	module PlacesHelper
PlacesHelperTest	/home/train/rails_projects/hanoitour/test/unit/helpers/places_helper_test.rb	class PlacesHelperTest 
TestCase	/home/train/rails_projects/hanoitour/test/test_helper.rb	class ActiveSupport::TestCase
create	/home/train/rails_projects/hanoitour/app/controllers/places_controller.rb	  def create
destroy	/home/train/rails_projects/hanoitour/app/controllers/places_controller.rb	  def destroy
edit	/home/train/rails_projects/hanoitour/app/controllers/places_controller.rb	  def edit
gmaps4rails_address	/home/train/rails_projects/hanoitour/app/models/place.rb	  def gmaps4rails_address
gmaps4rails_infowindow	/home/train/rails_projects/hanoitour/app/models/place.rb	  def gmaps4rails_infowindow
gmaps4rails_sidebar	/home/train/rails_projects/hanoitour/app/models/place.rb	  def gmaps4rails_sidebar
index	/home/train/rails_projects/hanoitour/app/controllers/places_controller.rb	  def index
new	/home/train/rails_projects/hanoitour/app/controllers/places_controller.rb	  def new
show	/home/train/rails_projects/hanoitour/app/controllers/places_controller.rb	  def show
test_homepage	/home/train/rails_projects/hanoitour/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	  def test_homepage
update	/home/train/rails_projects/hanoitour/app/controllers/places_controller.rb	  def update
